Docs: Additional 7.3 upgrade notes (#28592)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/installation/upgrading.md

For more information and details, please refer to [Using AWS CloudWatch in Grafana]({{< relref "../datasources/cloudwatch.md#authentication" >}}).

### User invites database migration

The database table _temp\_user_, that tracks user invites, is subject to a database migration that changes the data type of the _created_ and _updated_ columns:

| Database | Old data type | New data type |
| -------- | ------------- | ------------- |
| Sqlite   | DATETIME      | INTEGER       |
| MySQL    | DATETIME      | INT           |
| Postgres | TIMESTAMP     | INTEGER       |

> Please note that if downgrading Grafana to an earlier version, you have to manually change the data type of the _created_ and _updated_ columns back to _old data type_ , otherwise the user invite feature doesn't function as expected.

### Snapshots database migration

> The database table _dashboard\_snapshot_, that stores dashboard snapshots, adds a new column _dashboard\_encrypted_ for storing an encrypted snapshot. Any existing snapshots is not migrated to be stored encrypted. Only snapshots created on this version and forward will be stored encrypted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The database table _dashboard\_snapshot_, that stores dashboard snapshots, adds a new column _dashboard\_encrypted_ for storing an encrypted snapshot. 
NOTE: Only snapshots created on Grafana 7.3 or later will use this column to store snapshot data as encrypted. Snapshots created before this version will be unaffected.
```
